docs: update mm documentation (#236)
yetanotherco/yet-another-bridge: docs/mm_bot/README.md

Market Maker Bot is a bot that provides liquidity to the Yet Another 
Bridge (YAB).

> When a user wants to bridge tokens, the user calls to `set_order` function in Escrow contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user wants to bridge tokens, the user must call the `set_order` function from the Escrow contract.
```

> If it is successful, the Escrow emits a `SetOrder` event with the order information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it is successful, the Escrow emits a `SetOrder` event with the newly placed order information.
```

The Market Maker Bot listens to the `SetOrder` events and creates a new order in its database.

> So, the Market Maker Bot is able to fulfill the user's order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, the Market Maker Bot is able to fulfill the user's order.
```

> This way, the Market Maker Bot is able to fulfill the user's order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, the Market Maker Bot is able to fulfill all user's order.
```

Once the order is fulfilled, the user has received the tokens in the destination chain. Then,

> MM can claim the tokens in the source chain.

Reviewer: Should consistently cal 'MM' by the same name
```suggestion
the Market Maker can claim the tokens in the source chain.
```

> Once the order is fulfilled, the user has received the tokens in the destination chain. Then,
> the Market Maker can claim the tokens in the source chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once an order is fulfilled, the user has received the tokens in his desired destination chain. Then,
the Market Maker can claim the appropriate tokens in the source chain.
```

> When the MM claims the tokens, the Escrow sends the tokens to the MM's address and emits an event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Market Maker claims the tokens, the Escrow sends the tokens to the Market Maker's address and emits an event
```

> `ClaimPayment`. The order is marked as completed in the MM's database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ClaimPayment`. The order is marked as completed in the Market Maker's database.
```

> When the Market Maker claims the tokens, the Escrow sends the tokens to the Market Maker's address and emits an event
> `ClaimPayment`. The order is marked as completed in the Market Maker's database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Market Maker claims its tokens, the Escrow will send the tokens to the Market Maker's address and emits a `ClaimPayment` event. 
The order is then marked as completed in the Market Maker's database.
```

## Architecture
In the [Architecture](architecture.md) section you can find the following information:
- Functional Requirements
- Class Diagrams
- Non-Functional Requirements
- Main Architecture Components
- Infrastructure
- Scenarios

## Deploy

> If you want to deploy a MM Bot, the [Deploy](deploy.md) section explains how to do it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to deploy a Market Maker Bot, the [Deploy](deploy.md) section explains how to do it.
```
